feat(content): New Alien Faction: The Gegno (#6610)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map.txt

			distance 307
			period 23.907

system Acnanjo
	pos 516.8 -544.7
	government Uninhabited

> 	attributes "TBD"

Author: These are a result of Derpy's new map script. I will fill in ones where I see fit and then just delete the lines later on that didn't get filled.

			period 158.4
	object
		sprite planet/dust1
		distance 4274
		period 46569.3
	object
		sprite planet/gas7-b
		distance 7745.8
		period 95069.6

planet "Dueyu Eitch"
	landscape land/desert4
	description "The historic homeworld of all Gegno, Dueyu Eitch is a rugged, rocky world covered with enormous metropolises and structures. Each city is based on an elevated structure, and starting from the bottom up the buildings are more advanced the farther they reach into the sky. Larger cities are lit by the varying reds and oranges of industrial forgery, and more urban areas are speckled with yellow and green. Beneath the heavily populated surface are traces of enormous cavities, suggesting the Gegno began a majority of their ancestry in the ground."
	description "	Three distinct subspecies can be seen walking about the architecture: one that is very bulky and scaly in appearance, another slimmer and more bone-like, and the third a combination of the first two; all stand at heights varying between a human being and a Quarg."
	spaceport x
	government Gegno
	shipyard "Gegno Ships"
	outfitter "Gegno Outfits"
	"required reputation" 1
	security 0

planet "Dueitch Ae"
	landscape land/mountain1

> 	description "In order to pursue biology and other important scientific research, this green, lush world was designated as the Gegno Scin's capital. Much unlike the heavy industry of the core Gegno worlds, Dueitch Ae's surface still supports many natural ecosystems, and most importantly, is home to a notable amount of water bodies. The Scin effectively limit their expansion on the planet, even at the cost of their population's growth, in order to preserve the flourshing life on it as long as possible."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "In order to pursue biological and other important scientific research, this green, lush world was designated as the Gegno Scin's capital. Much unlike the heavy industry of the core Gegno worlds, Dueitch Ae's surface still supports many natural ecosystems, and most importantly, is home to a notable amount of water bodies. The Scin effectively limit their expansion on the planet, even at the cost of their population's growth, in order to preserve the flourshing life on it as long as possible."
```

	description "	Although preservation is a primary goal, the Scin still manipulate the planet for the sake of research. Even if it's not harming the environment directly, patches of the planet have been converted into large experimentation grounds, some a bit less humane than others."

> 	spaceport "The spaceport you are staying at is one huge circular construction hundreds of yards in diameter outfitted with strange looking devices and technology, very much in contrast to the surrounding natural environment. In an open section located at the center is a small forest being observed by the nearby Scin. Some of them, however, seem to be more intersested in observing you."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "The spaceport you are staying at is one huge circular construction hundreds of yards in diameter outfitted with strange looking devices and technology, very much in contrast to the surrounding natural environment. In an open section located at the center is a small forest being observed by the nearby Scin. Some of them, however, seem to be more interested in observing you."
```

	government "Gegno Scin"
	shipyard "Gegno Scin Ships"
	outfitter "Gegno Scin Outfits"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Graede
	landscape land/forest2

> 	description "Unlike the homeworld of the Gegno, the capital of the Vi is covered in astounding natural beauty where the land is untouched. Acres of forestry spread across realtively low mountain ranges, and a variety of small and large marsupials can be seen running to and fro. Despite all of this, there are many plowed fields that have been converted to industrial ranges and shipyards, and several large cities have begun to grow towards the sky. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Unlike the homeworld of the Gegno, the capital of the Vi is covered in astounding natural beauty where the land is untouched. Acres of forestry spread across relatively low mountain ranges, and a variety of small and large marsupials can be seen running to and fro. Despite all of this, there are many plowed fields that have been converted to industrial ranges and shipyards, and several large cities have begun to grow towards the sky. "
```

	government "Gegno Vi"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Essime
	landscape land/mountain4
	description "Starting from an early age, most Vi devote their lives to their endless trials of survival, finding themselves either on the frontlines of conflict or in the backlines of industry. As they grow old, they retire and spend the rest of their lives on green planets such as this one, where they hunt animals for food and till acres of land. "
	spaceport "The spaceport here is a very large circular shape with tall pylons reaching up into a dome roofing. The empty space between each pylon is occasionally interrupted by a freighter or two, and in the center of it is a main center shaft where most pilots are gathered. Surrounding the pilots are what appear to be older members of the Vi deep in conversation."
	spaceport "	Several Vi are chuckling deeply, likely telling stories of hunts they've had on the planet. Strangely, they pay you no attention; not even of distrust, and carry on about their day as if you aren't even present."
	government "Gegno Vi"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet "Sies Upi"
	landscape land/hills1

> 	description "Sies Upi is one of the most recently colonized planets of the Gegno Vi. This hot, dry world with harsh living environments serves as more of an outpost than it does a colony, but nevertheless the Vi found ways to make manageable living conditions."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Sies Upi is one of the most recently colonized planets of the Gegno Vi. This hot, dry world with harsh living environments serves as more of an outpost than it does a colony, but nevertheless the Vi found ways to create manageable living conditions."
```

	description "	Being the farthest away from the rest of Gegno territory, this planet is also the first line of defense between the Gegno and the Quarg. Although there are no active hostilities between the two, the Vi remain alert and ready at all times."
	spaceport "This spaceport seems a lot more militarized than other Gegno planet spaceports, full of geared up Vi with their ships parked close by. The roar of an enormous cruiser's engines can be heard just as often as the shutting down of another. There doesn't look to be very many non-personnel civilians here, and it feels somewhat claustrophobic with all of the guards standing around."
	government "Gegno Vi"

planet Siedi
	landscape land/forest5
	description "The gravitational pull of the nearby gas giant resulted in the large, bulky, mountainous surface of this planet. Tectonic shifts are very common, and the surface is marked with the wear and tear of massive tremors. Beneath the cracks, however, lies a rich source of materials that the Vi quickly capitalized on for their nearby worlds."

> 	spaceport "The spaceport is haphazardly build inside the side of a smaller mountain, and every now and then you can feel a very faint rumbling from below. You're not sure if it is beneath you or somewhere off in the distance. The area around the spaceport continues to be under construction, but it is more likely mining for materials than improvements to the structure itself."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "The spaceport is haphazardly build inside the side of a smaller mountain, and every now and then you can feel a very faint rumbling from below. You're not sure if it is beneath you or somewhere off in the distance. The area around the spaceport continues to be under construction, but it is more likely because the Vi are mining for materials here rather than making improvements to the structure itself."
```

	asteroids "large rock" 7 3.06
	asteroids "small metal" 9 3.06
	asteroids "medium metal" 9 4.13
	asteroids "large metal" 2 4.27
	minables aluminum 1 5.75
	minables lead 7 6.19
	object
		sprite star/o0
		period 10
	object
		sprite planet/rock11-b
		distance 362
		period 107.6
	object
		sprite planet/rock9
		distance 710
		period 295.6
	object
		sprite planet/gas14-b
		distance 2125
		period 1530.5

system Empeles
	pos 603.4 42.29
	government Uninhabited
	habitable 405
	belt 1416
	haze _menu/haze-full
	link Pukako
	link Wreoul
	link Yli
	asteroids "small rock" 5 5.6
	asteroids "medium rock" 9 4.29
	asteroids "large rock" 3 4.42
	asteroids "small metal" 92 5.33
	asteroids "medium metal" 61 5.79
	asteroids "large metal" 13 3.84
	minables iron 10 8.68
	minables aluminum 14 7.29
	object
		sprite star/g3
		period 10
	object
		sprite planet/rock16
		distance 969.83
		period 234.41
	object
		sprite planet/ocean2
		distance 639.3
		period 1840.597
	object
		sprite planet/uranus-b
		distance 3515
		period 9262
		object
			sprite planet/ice0-b
			distance 227
			period 129.28
	object
		sprite planet/gas12-b
		distance 8877
		period 37172.076

planet Vigales
	landscape land/desert5

> 	description "This hot desert world is home to several species of large underground creatures, most often resembling reptilian and amphibious-like creatures such as salamanders or lizards. It is believed that the Vort of Gegno space have originated from this world, or are descendants of an ancestral species that once inhabited it. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "This hot desert world is home to several species of large underground animals, most often resembling reptilian and amphibious-like creatures such as salamanders or lizards. It is believed that the Vort of Gegno space have originated from this world, or are descendants of an ancestral species that once inhabited it. "
```

> 	description "This hot desert world is home to several species of large underground animals, which most often resemble reptilian and amphibious-like creatures such as salamanders or lizards. It is believed that the Vort of Gegno space have originated from this world, or are descendants of an ancestral species that once inhabited it. "

Reviewer: What are the Vort? I don't think it was ever mentioned in this PR.

	asteroids "medium rock" 1 2.46
	asteroids "large rock" 4 2.24
	asteroids "large metal" 2 3.71
	fleet "Small Vi" 3600
	fleet "Large Vi" 5400
	fleet "Vi Transport" 3400
	fleet "Vi Cargo" 5000
	object
		sprite star/g-dwarf
		period 10
	object
		sprite planet/gas13-b
		distance 1030
		period 5509.4
	object
		sprite planet/gas5
		distance 1735
		period 12044.7
		object Cyife
			sprite planet/ice8-b
			distance 323.1
			period 158.4
	object
		sprite planet/dust1
		distance 4274
		period 46569.3
	object
		sprite planet/gas7-b
		distance 7745.8
		period 95069.6

planet "Dueyu Eitch"
	landscape land/desert4
	description "The historic homeworld of all Gegno, Dueyu Eitch is a rugged, rocky world with covered with enormous metropolises and structures. Each city is based on an elevated structure, and starting from the bottom up the buildings are more advanced the farther they reach into the sky. Larger cities are lit by the varying reds and oranges of industrial forgery, and more urban areas are speckled with yellow and green. Beneath the heavily populated surface are traces of enormous cavities, suggesting the Gegno began a majority of their ancestry in the ground."

> 	description "Three distinct subspecies can be seen walking about the architecture: One that is very bulky and scaly in appearance, another slimmer and more bone-like, and the third a combination of the first two; all standing several feet taller than a human being."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	Three distinct subspecies can be seen walking about the architecture: One that is very bulky and scaly in appearance, another slimmer and more bone-like, and the third a combination of the first two; all standing several feet taller than a human being."
```

> 	description "	Three distinct subspecies can be seen walking about the architecture: One that is very bulky and scaly in appearance, another slimmer and more bone-like, and the third a combination of the first two; all standing several feet taller than a human being."

Author: Another good catch, will look into it.

> 	spaceport x

Author: Yes, thank you for catching this as I have forgot.

	government Gegno
	shipyard "Gegno Ships"
	outfitter "Gegno Outfits"
	"required reputation" 1
	security 0

planet "Dueitch Ae"
	landscape land/mountain1
	description "In order to pursue biology and other important scienctifical research, this green, lush world was designated as the Gegno Scin's capital. Much unlike the heavy industry of the core Gegno worlds, Dueitch Ae's surface still supports many natural ecosystems, and most importantly, is home to a notable amount of water bodies. The Scin effectively limit their expansion on the planet, even at the cost of their population's growth, to preserve the flourshing life on it as long as possible."

> 	description "Although preservation is a primary goal, the Scin still manipulate the planet for the sake of research. Even if it's not harming the environment directly, patches of the planet have been converted into large experimentation grounds, some a bit less humane than others."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	Although preservation is a primary goal, the Scin still manipulate the planet for the sake of research. Even if it's not harming the environment directly, patches of the planet have been converted into large experimentation grounds, some a bit less humane than others."
```

	government "Gegno Scin"
	shipyard "Gegno Scin Ships"
	outfitter "Gegno Scin Outfits"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Graede
	landscape land/forest2
	description "Unlike the homeworld of the Gegno, the Capital planet of the Vi is covered in astounding natural beauty where the land is untouched. Acres of forestry spread across realtively low mountain ranges, and a variety of small and large marsupials can be seen running to and fro. Despite all of this, there are many plowed fields that have been converted to industrial ranges and shipyards, and several large cities have begun to grow towards the sky. "
	spaceport "The structure you're parked at seems to be just a section of a much larger rectilinear building with many other sections and rods projecting out from it. From the height you are at, you can see the wilderness stretch for miles, occasionally interrupted with another tall-reaching spaceport or factory."

> 	spaceport "You often find yourself lost in the beauty of a world still untouched by the rest of its industry, occasionally distracting you from the many distasteful looks given to you from the Vi here. It's clear that they are not on the same page, and would likely blast your brains out if they cared enough to do so."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport "	You often find yourself lost in the beauty of a world still untouched by the rest of its industry, occasionally distracting you from the many distasteful looks given to you from the Vi here. It's clear that they are not on the same page, and would likely blast your brains out if they cared enough to do so."
```

> 	spaceport "	You often find yourself lost in the beauty of a world still untouched by the rest of its industry, occasionally distracting you from the many distasteful looks given to you from the Vi here. It's clear that they are not on the same page, and would likely blast your brains out if they cared enough to do so."

Author: I think it would make sense to replace that with something like "same friendliness" or something of the sort.

	minables aluminum 25 0.95
	object
		sprite star/m-giant
		distance 1.48
		period 10
	object
		sprite planet/cloud0
		distance 4567.34
		period 151.58

system 34b
	pos 401.41 -61.62
	government Uninhabited
	habitable 6195.2
	belt 1944
	haze _menu/haze-fullbright
	link 21b
	asteroids "large metal" 1 2.2
	object
		sprite star/g-giant
		period 10
	object
		sprite planet/neptune-b
		distance 578
		period 157.9
	object
		sprite planet/venus
		distance 1263
		period 510.06
	object
		sprite planet/gas15-b
		distance 2253
		period 1215.2
	object
		sprite planet/rock0
		distance 2757
		period 1645.02

planet "Giaru Gegno"
	attributes "gegno quarg" quarg station
	landscape land/station2
	description "The quality of its structure suggests that this Quarg Ringworld had to have been completed rather recently, but there are some notable differences that don't seem Quarg-like. Some of the hangers and docks on the ring are oddly larger than others, and the inner quarters are wider and taller than what is normal for a Quarg. The hangar you currently are parked in, however, seems to be void of these characteristics, and is similar to ones at the Quarg ringworld in human space."

> 	description `Despite seeing numerous alien craft before landing on the ring, you are only guided around parts of the ring where they are not present.` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `	Despite seeing numerous alien craft before landing on the ring, you are only guided around parts of the ring where they are not present.` 
```

> 	spaceport "There has to be at least billions of Quarg on this ring. They shift past you at a normal walking pace for a Quarg, and don't mind you much attention except from the occasional uninterested glance or two. There seems to be little conversation, and the silence is slightly unnerving to you as the only non-Quarg in sight It seems areas containing the aliens from nearby are off-limits to you."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport "There has to be at least billions of Quarg on this ring. They shift past you at a normal walking pace for a Quarg, and don't mind you much attention except from the occasional uninterested glance or two. There seems to be little conversation, and the silence is slightly unnerving to you as the only non-Quarg in sight. It seems areas containing the aliens from nearby are off-limits to you."
```

	government Quarg
	bribe 0
	security 1

planet Ternituul
	landscape land/fog1
	description "Ternituul is a dull world covered in a thick layer of fog hiding a dry desolate surface; an ideal world for the hardened Gegno Vi. A large portion of the Vi's military branch is based here, where new recruits are thrown into the first bottleneck of their lives. It is not uncommon for inhabitants to be lost to the bleak ecosystem of this planet."

> 	description "	The fog also hides a more grim aspect of this world- numerous graveyards cover the terrain, serving as a final resting place for most Vi. Large ceremonies are constantly held for the fallen, though instead of grievance, the Vi celebrate the commitment and dignity of their fellow brethren."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	The fog also hides a more grim aspect of this world - numerous graveyards cover the terrain, serving as a final resting place for most Vi. Large ceremonies are constantly held for the fallen, though instead of grievance, the Vi celebrate the commitment and dignity of their fellow brethren."
```

> 	description "The fog also hides a more grim aspect of this world- numerous graveyards cover the terrain, serving as a final resting place for most Vi. Large ceremonies are constantly held for the fallen, though instead of grievance, the Vi celebrate the commitment and dignity of their fellow brethren."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	The fog also hides a more grim aspect of this world- numerous graveyards cover the terrain, serving as a final resting place for most Vi. Large ceremonies are constantly held for the fallen, though instead of grievance, the Vi celebrate the commitment and dignity of their fellow brethren."
```

> 	spaceport "Here, the spaceport is built very close to and partly in the ground, nearly a danger to any craft landing. Undeterred by the gloomy appearance of this graveyard world, the nearby Vi are occasionally chanting or lighting fires for the deceased, even while exiting their ships."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "Here, the spaceport is built very close to and partly in the ground, making it slightly dangerous for any craft trying to land here. Undeterred by the gloomy appearance of this graveyard world, the nearby Vi are occasionally chanting or lighting fires for the deceased, even while exiting their ships."
```

	government "Gegno Vi"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Essime
	landscape land/mountain4

> 	description "Starting from an early age, most Vi give their lives to their endless trials of survival, finding themselves either on the frontlines of conflict or in the backlines of industry. As they grow old, they retire and spend the rest of their lives on green planets such as this one, where they hunt animals for food and till acres of land. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Starting from an early age, most Vi devote their lives to their endless trials of survival, finding themselves either on the frontlines of conflict or in the backlines of industry. As they grow old, they retire and spend the rest of their lives on green planets such as this one, where they hunt animals for food and till acres of land. "
```

	spaceport "The spaceport here is a very large circular shape with tall pylons reaching up into a dome roofing. The empty space between each pylon is occasionally interrupted by a freighter or two, and in the center of it is a main center shaft where most pilots are gathered. Surrounding the pilots are what appear to be older members of the Vi deep in conversation."

> 	spaceport "Several Vi are chuckling deeply, likely telling stories of hunts they've had on the planet. Strangely, they pay you no attention; not even of distrust, and carry on about their day as if you aren't even present."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport "	Several Vi are chuckling deeply, likely telling stories of hunts they've had on the planet. Strangely, they pay you no attention; not even of distrust, and carry on about their day as if you aren't even present."
```

	government "Gegno Vi"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet "Sies Upi"
	landscape land/hills1
	description "Sies Upi is one of the most recently colonized planets of the Gegno Vi. This hot, dry world with harsh living environments serves as more of an outpost than it does a colony, but nevertheless the Vi found ways to make manageable living conditions."

> 	description "Being the farthest away from the rest of Gegno territory, this planet is also the first line of defense between the Gegno and the Quarg. Although there are no active hostilities between the two, the Vi remain alert and ready at all times."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	Being the farthest away from the rest of Gegno territory, this planet is also the first line of defense between the Gegno and the Quarg. Although there are no active hostilities between the two, the Vi remain alert and ready at all times."
```

	spaceport "This spaceport seems a lot more militarized than other Gegno planet spaceports, full of geared up Vi with their ships parked close by. The roar of an enormous cruiser's engines can be heard just as often as another's shutting down. There doesn't look to be very many non-personnel civilians here, and it feels somewhat clausterphobic with all of the guards standing around."
	government "Gegno Vi"

planet Siedi
	landscape land/forest5
	description "The gravitational pull of the nearby gas giant resulted in the large, bulky, mountainous surface of this planet. Tectonic shifts are very common, and the surface is marked with the wear and tear of massive tremors. Beneath the cracks, however, lies a rich source of materials that the Vi quickly capatilized on for their nearby worlds."

> 	spaceport "The spaceport is haphazardly build inside the side of a smaller mountain, and every now and then you can feel a very faint rumbling from below, not sure if it is beneath you or somewhere off in the distance. Even the area around the spaceport continues to be constructed on, but it is more likely mining for materials than improvements to the structure itself."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "The spaceport is haphazardly build inside the side of a smaller mountain, and every now and then you can feel a very faint rumbling from below. You're not sure if it is beneath you or somewhere off in the distance. The area around the spaceport continues to be under construction, but it is more likely mining for materials than improvements to the structure itself."
```

	government "Gegno Vi"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Enbi
	landscape land/fog0
	description "A cold, mountainous world on the very edge of the binary system's habitable area, Enbi maintains the massive shipyards of the Gegno Vi, using raw resources gathered from the nearby volcanic planet to churn out hull after hull for warships. Many large canyons decorate the surface and are used as weapon test sites, and in one of the largest canyons lies a shipyard several times larger and older-looking than the rest."

> 	description "On closer inspection, the method that created the canyons does not seem entirely natural, and there are slight glints of light shimmering down in the deepest regions. How these crevices appeared is a mystery, but it is clear that the Vi had no hand in creating them."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	On closer inspection, the method that created the canyons does not seem entirely natural, and there are slight glints of light shimmering down in the deepest regions. How these crevices appeared is a mystery, but it is clear that the Vi had no hand in creating them."
```

	spaceport "Rows of alternating towers stretch far ahead and behind the one your spacecraft is stationed at, and a thick layer of fog acts as a sort of floor connecting them. Every now and then, the fog breaks, revealing the large shipyards down below either side of you, followed by a new row of towers."

> 	spaceport "	Off in the distance of the breaking fog is one vast gray structure, almost taking up your field of view. The closer you look at the mass, the more buildings there seems to be, and it's unlikely you could get anywhere near there without becoming a threat."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "	Off in the distance of the breaking fog is one vast gray structure, almost taking up your field of view. The closer you look at the mass, the more buildings there seem to be, and it's unlikely you could get anywhere near there without becoming a threat."
```

> 	spaceport "Off in the distance of the breaking fog is one vast gray structure, almost taking up your field of view. The closer towards the mass, the more buildings there seems to be, and it's unlikely you could get anywhere near there without becoming a threat."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport "	Off in the distance of the breaking fog is one vast gray structure, almost taking up your field of view. The closer towards the mass, the more buildings there seems to be, and it's unlikely you could get anywhere near there without becoming a threat."
```

> 	spaceport "	Off in the distance of the breaking fog is one vast gray structure, almost taking up your field of view. The closer towards the mass, the more buildings there seems to be, and it's unlikely you could get anywhere near there without becoming a threat."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "	Off in the distance of the breaking fog is one vast gray structure, almost taking up your field of view. The closer you look at the mass, the more buildings there seems to be, and it's unlikely you could get anywhere near there without becoming a threat."
```

> 	spaceport "If you stare too long, the nearby guards gesture more aggressively towards you, suggesting you keep your attention to yourself."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport "	If you stare too long, the nearby guards gesture more aggressively towards you, suggesting you keep your attention to yourself."
```

	government "Gegno Vi"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet "Oup Je"
	landscape land/canyon4
	description "The many beveling formations here provide the Gegno Scin with a rich amount of materials for their cities and ships. Lower down below are small woodlands that seem to be stripped down one way or another, with few living areas scattered about. It is apparent that this planet has been worn down over time, both to natural and unnatural causes."

> 	spaceport "The Scin here have different gear than those leaving and entering the spaceport, suggesting they have a particular place on the surface rather than outside of the planet, probably some of the miners. They seem quite interested in you compared to other Gegno being that a majority of their days involve seeing mostly materials and machinery."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "The Scin here have different gear than those leaving and entering the spaceport, suggesting they have a particular place on the surface to be, most likely in the mines. They seem quite interested in you compared to other Gegno being that a majority of their days involve seeing mostly materials and machinery."
```

	government "Gegno Scin"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet "Enn Bue"
	landscape land/canyon01

> 	description "Lengthy oval-like shipyards speckle the surface of this otherwise inhospiable desert planet, home to most of the Gegno Scin's ship production. A majority of wealthy materials come from the neighboring gas giant's moons, however the strong gravitational pull occasionally generates natural disasters that ravage the surface. Despite all of this, the Scin remain viligant and efficient in their craftworks."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Lengthy oval-like shipyards speckle the surface of this otherwise inhospitable desert planet, home to most of the Gegno Scin's ship production. A majority of wealthy materials come from the neighboring gas giant's moons; however, the strong gravitational pull occasionally generates natural disasters that ravage the surface. Despite all of this, the Scin remain vigilant and efficient in their craftworks."
```

> 	spaceport "Enveloped in a large black dome cap, this spaceport is a lot quieter inside than the loud winds and storms often found outside. It has definitely seen a severe duststorm or two, but still holds tight together. The Gegno Scin here give you lengthy stares, oddly enough taking turns to observe you. One will look up then look back down to themselves followed by another's attention."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "Enveloped in a large black dome cap, this spaceport is a lot quieter inside than the loud winds and storms often found outside. It has definitely seen a severe duststorm or two, but still holds tight together. The Gegno Scin here give you lengthy stares, and oddly enough you notice that they take turns to observe you. One will look up then look back down to themselves followed by another's attention."
```

> 	spaceport "Enveloped in a large black dome cap, this spaceport is a lot quieter inside than the loud winds and storms often found outside. It has definitely seen a severe duststorm or two, but still holds tight together. The Gegno Scin here give you lengthy stares, and oddly enough you notice that they take turns to observe you. One will look up then look back down to themselves followed by another's attention."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "Enveloped in a large black dome cap, this spaceport is a lot quieter inside than the loud winds and storms often found outside. It has definitely seen a severe duststorm or two, but still holds tight together. The Gegno Scin here give you lengthy stares, and oddly enough you notice that they take turns to observe you. One will look up then look back down to themselves, which is soon followed by another's attention."
```

	government "Gegno Scin"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Cipi
	landscape land/mountain5

> 	description "Cipi's forestries and mountains are a suitable place for the Gegno Scin's less active population, home to the more quiet-working. The population of this planet is limited, and architecture is built on the alpines to avoid hurting the natural landscapes of the planet. This provides the Scin with healthy crop and hunting seasons to supply their main population without the interference of pollutive industry."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Cipi's forestries and mountains are a suitable place for the Gegno Scin's less active population, home to more quiet industries. The population of this planet is limited, and architecture is built on the alpines to avoid hurting the natural landscapes of the planet. This provides the Scin with healthy crop and hunting seasons to supply their main population without the interference of polluting industry."
```

> 	spaceport "Rather than inside the mountain, the spaceport is built at the very edge supported underneath by several pylons in a half-oval formation. The valley down below, between you and the mountain range just a bit further away, seems almost cramped between the formations. Occasionally, a few Halite fighters buzz by at low altitudes and then sharply turn off into the distance, though you expect them to be louder than they really are."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport "Rather than inside the mountain, the spaceport is built at the very edge, supported underneath by several pylons in a half-oval formation. The valley down below, between you and the mountain range just a bit further away, seems almost cramped between the formations. Occasionally, a few Halite fighters buzz by at low altitudes and then sharply turn off into the distance, though you expect them to be louder than they really are."
```

	government "Gegno Scin"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet "Ef Osch"
	landscape land/beach11-harro
	description "Ef Osch is the first world found by the Gegno to have a substantial part of the surface covered in water. Pristine beaches surround tropical land masses, and many strange creatures occupy the depths. Despite being appropriated by the Gegno Scin, there is relatively low amount of construction work done on the mainland. Most industrial work takes place on large, vessel-like complexes that travel the oceans."
	spaceport "Each island vessel also serves as a makeshift yet decent spaceport with all of the basic facilitices. From as far as you can see, there are two lines of vessels in your area, and although they are miles apart, they form a runway-like pattern."

> 	spaceport "The island ports also are built in a variety of sizes. The Scin fly their ships down the pattern as if it's a highway, staying neatly in the center until they find a port that accommodates the ship they are piloting."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport "	The island ports also are built in a variety of sizes. The Scin fly their ships down the pattern as if it's a highway, staying neatly in the center until they find a port that accommodates the ship they are piloting."
```

	spaceport "The spaceport seems very busy with all sorts of Gegno Scin walking around in a hurried fashion. Some of them are wearing long, sleek jackets while others wear more feather-like plating. Once in a while, a female Scin will stop nearby to observe and record you then carry on as if nothing happened."
	government "Gegno Scin"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Tschyss
	landscape land/sivael6
	description "This massive station is the only orbital structure that can be found in Gegno space, and is still under heavy construction. Although a majority of the exterior seems complete, the interior is noticeably lacking in comparison, and it seems that the progress has slowed down significantly in recent times. A large portion of the station is filled with crew quarters and living sections, all larger than any normal bunker in human space, and the outside is enveloped in many docking bays of numerous sizes."

> 	description "	Despite the scale and numbers of onboard facilities, there is only a small percentage of Gegno making use of them."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "	Despite the scale and number of onboard facilities, there is only a small percentage of Gegno making use of them."
```

> 	description "Despite the scale and numbers of onboard facilities, there is only a small percentage of Gegno making use of them."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	Despite the scale and numbers of onboard facilities, there is only a small percentage of Gegno making use of them."
```

	landscape land/sea0
	description `Now that the Korath are gone, the oceans on this planet have begun to teem with fish and other living creatures once again, and the levels of dissolved oxygen and carbon dioxide are slowly swinging back into balance. Species of algae and bacteria that are able to metabolize the plastics and chemicals that the Korath left behind have spread throughout the oceans.`
	security 0
	
planet Arroharg
	landscape land/canyon12
	description `Arroharg is a low-gravity moon that the Quarg have converted to some sort of harvesting grounds. Large organic-looking machines seem to be displacing particular mountainous formations while smaller ones collect from the zones left behind. Most of the architecture here is Quarg-like and is not designed in a way that welcomes visitors very comfortably. The lower levels of the outpost seem to dig deeper into the surface of the moon, but the farther they go down the more complex they become. There's no telling how deep into the moon they go, as they are restricted to anyone but the Quarg.`

> 	spaceport `A few Quarg greet you with astonished expressions but kindly assist you in anything you have trouble with due to the spaceport being designed around their architecture. They communicate mostly in gestures and facial expressions, although this is sometimes hard to decifer. It seems they aren't used to outside visitors here and don't speak your language.` 

Reviewer: Any reason why this was not resolved? I think github is bugging out, I swore I already commented this change like twice before.

> 	spaceport `A few Quarg greet you with astonished expressions but kindly assist you in anything you have trouble with due to the spaceport being designed around their architecture. They communicate mostly in gestures and facial expressions, although this is sometimes hard to decifer. It seems they aren't used to outside visitors here and don't speak your language.` 

Author: It's because here, I manually resolved the conversation, and manually changed it in the files. I'll go double-check, but this looks like a visual bug on Git. I've had to do this with your map and missions reviews because they were doing the diff thing again. I think it's because I did do those pushes yesterday.

> 	spaceport `A few Quarg greet you with astonished expressions but kindly assist you in anything you have trouble with due to the spaceport being designed around their architecture. They communicate mostly in gestures and facial expressions, although this is sometimes hard to decifer. It seems they aren't used to outside visitors here and don't speak your language.` 

Reviewer: Ah, that's weird. Thanks!

	landscape land/sea0
	description `Now that the Korath are gone, the oceans on this planet have begun to teem with fish and other living creatures once again, and the levels of dissolved oxygen and carbon dioxide are slowly swinging back into balance. Species of algae and bacteria that are able to metabolize the plastics and chemicals that the Korath left behind have spread throughout the oceans.`
	security 0
	
planet Arroharg
	landscape land/canyon12

> 	description `Arroharg is a low-gravity moon that the Quarg have converted to some sort of harvesting grounds. Large organic-looking machines seem to be dispalcing particular mountainous formations while smaller ones collect from the zones left behind. Most of the architecture here is Quarg-accustomed and is not designed in a way that welcomes visitors very comfortably. The lower levels of the outpost seem to dig deeper into the surface of the moon, but the farther they go down the more complex they become, and there's no telling how deep into the moon they go, as they become restricted after a certain depth.`

Author: As in, the player isn't allowed to progress farther (security speaking).

	bribe 0
	security 0.9

planet "Ef Aourtdye"
	attributes gegno
	landscape land/lava10
	description `Ef Aourtdye is primarily a factory world where a large portion of mined materials are refined, processed, and re-distributed across parts of Gegno space. Large factory and refinery structures can be seen engraved into the mountainous surfaces of the planet, with some cities found in less crowded valleys. Once home to a much larger population, a major portion of the cities are now desolate as efforts have been pushed to either more distant planets, or pulled back to the ever-growing homeworld of the Gegno.`

> 	description `	A majority of the mining, cargo, and refinery vessel shipyards in Gegno space are also found here; newly constructed out of the freshly processed materials and quickly prepared to be put into service.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `	A majority of the mining, cargo, and refinery vessel shipyards in Gegno space are also found here, newly constructed out of the freshly processed materials and quickly prepared to be put into service.`
```

	description `You have no idea what has happened to this planet, and you are not sure you want to know. The atmosphere is unusually hot and wet for a planet this distance from its sun, and the ocean levels seem to have dropped significantly in the recent past, leaving barnacles and bleached coral exposed to the air all around the shorelines. The wind is frenzied and full of wild energy, and the fog moves like a living creature.`
	security 0

planet Elenchus
	attributes "whispering void"
	landscape land/space2

> 	description `Beneath the surface of this small moon, there is a network of corridors and large rooms. The architecture looks mostly Human, but with a hint of Hai. Most are blocked off by sturdy doors with keycard access and plentiful security cameras. Frequently, you see a symbol similar to the Syndicate logo. Everywhere you walk, a security camera turns to track your movement. You get the feeling that you're not welcome here.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Beneath the surface of this small moon, there is a network of corridors and large rooms. The architecture looks mostly human, but with a hint of Hai. Most are blocked off by sturdy doors with keycard access and plentiful security cameras. Frequently, you see a symbol similar to the Syndicate logo. Everywhere you walk, a security camera turns to track your movement. You get the feeling that you're not welcome here.`
```

	description `You have no idea what has happened to this planet, and you are not sure you want to know. The atmosphere is unusually hot and wet for a planet this distance from its sun, and the ocean levels seem to have dropped significantly in the recent past, leaving barnacles and bleached coral exposed to the air all around the shorelines. The wind is frenzied and full of wild energy, and the fog moves like a living creature.`
	security 0

planet Elenchus

> 	attributes "whispering void"

Author: This is HR content.

> 	attributes "whispering void"

Reviewer 3: So this is... just a random fix/re-ordering incorporated into the midst of an already massive and unrelated PR?

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Large Syndicate" 7

planet "Gara Pvu"
	landscape land/sky3

> 	description `Beautiful landscapes cover this planet, and unlike nearby systems, the climate is more than welcoming to a human being. Most remarkably, there are small selections of elegant curved structures and overpasses spread out in patches along the surface. While they are fantastical in appearance, they are unmistakably not part of the land itself, and must have been left long ago by some other species that also managed to leeave the natural beauty of this planet intact, or it's been so long that nature has retaken everything.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Beautiful landscapes cover this planet, and unlike nearby systems, the climate is more than welcoming to a human being. Most remarkably, there are small selections of elegant curved structures and overpasses spread out in patches along the surface. While they are fantastical in appearance, they are unmistakably not part of the land itself, and must have been left long ago by some other species that also managed to leave the natural beauty of this planet intact - either that, or it's been so long since their disappearance that nature has retaken everything.`
```

	bribe 0.1
	security 0.8

planet Graede
	landscape land/forest2
	description "Unlike the homeworld of the Gegno, the capital of the Vi is covered in astounding natural beauty where the land is untouched. Acres of forestry are spread across relatively low mountain ranges, and a variety of small and large marsupials can be seen running to and fro. Despite all of this, there are many plowed fields that have been converted to industrial ranges and shipyards, and several large cities have begun to grow towards the sky. "
	spaceport "The structure you're parked at seems to be just a section of a much larger rectilinear building with many other sections and rods projecting out from it. From the height you are at, you can see the wilderness stretch for miles, occasionally interrupted with another tall-reaching spaceport or factory."

> 	spaceport "You often find yourself lost in the beauty of a world still untouched by the rest of its industry, occasionally distracting you from the many distasteful looks given to you from the Vi here. It's clear that they do not have the same attitude towards you as you have towards their planet, and would likely blast your brains out if they cared enough to do so."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	spaceport "	You often find yourself lost in the beauty of a world still untouched by the rest of its industry, occasionally distracting you from the many distasteful looks given to you from the Vi here. It's clear that they do not have the same attitude towards you as you have towards their planet, and would likely blast your brains out if they cared enough to do so."
```

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Large Syndicate" 7

planet "Gara Pvu"
	landscape land/sky3

> 	description `Beautiful landscapes cover this planet, and unlike nearby systems, the climate is more than welcoming to a human being. Most remarkably, there are small selections of elegant curvilinear structures and overpasses spread out in patches along the surface. While they are fantastical in appearance, they are unmistakably not part of the land itself, and must have been left long ago by some other species that also somehow left the natural beauty of this planet intact.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `Beautiful landscapes cover this planet, and unlike nearby systems, the climate is more than welcoming to a human being. Most remarkably, there are small selections of elegant curvilinear structures and overpasses spread out in patches along the surface. While they are fantastical in appearance, they are unmistakably not part of the land itself, and must have either been left long ago by some other species that also managed to leave the natural beauty of this planet intact, or it's been so long that nature has retaken everything.`
```

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Large Militia" 20

planet "Giaru Gegno"
	attributes quarg station
	landscape land/station2

> 	description `The quality of its structure suggests that this Quarg ringworld had to have been completed rather recently, but there are some notable differences that don't seem Quarg-like. Some of the hangers and docks on the ring are oddly larger than others, and the inner quarters are wider and taller than what is normal for a Quarg. The hangar you currently are parked in, however, seems to be void of these characteristics, and is similar to ones at the Quarg ringworld in human space.`

Author: This is also a complete Quarg ringworld too, so the Gegno may have not been the only visitors....

	bribe 0.1
	security 0.8

planet Graede
	landscape land/forest2
	description `Unlike the homeworld of the Gegno, the capital of the Vi is covered in astounding natural beauty where the land is untouched. Vast tracts of forests spread across relatively low mountain ranges, and a variety of both small and large marsupials can be seen running to and fro. Despite all of this, there are many plowed fields that have been converted to industrial ranges and shipyards, and several large cities have begun to grow towards the sky. `

> 	spaceport `The structure you're parked at seems to be just a section of a much larger rectilinear building with many other sections and rods projecting out from it. From the height you are at, you can see the wilderness stretch for miles, occasionally interrupted with another tall-reaching spaceport or factory.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The structure you're parked at seems to be just a section of a much larger rectangular building with many other sections and rods projecting out from it. From the height you are at, you can see the wilderness stretch for miles, occasionally interrupted with another tall-reaching spaceport or factory.`
```

> 	spaceport `	You often find yourself lost in the beauty of a world still untouched by the rest of its industry, occasionally distracting you from the many distasteful looks given to you from the Vi here. It's clear that they do not have the same attitude towards you as you have towards their planet, and would likely blast your brains out if they cared enough to do so.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

	"required reputation" 25
	security 0.6

planet "Gue Faur"
	landscape land/forest3
	description `Like most Gegno Scin planets, Gue Faur is a steep jungle planet full of all sorts of life. Surprisingly, a majority of the Scin's population resides on this planet rather than their capital. A great percentage of inhabitants consists of researchers and scientists, and all sorts of greenhouses and biodomes are visible everywhere.`

> 	spaceport `The spaceport seems very busy with all sorts of Gegno Scin walking around in a hurried fashion. Some of them are wearing long, sleek jackets while others wear more feather-like plating. Once in a while, a female Scin will stop nearby to observe and record you, and then carry on as if nothing happened.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport seems very busy with all sorts of Gegno Scin walking around in a hurried fashion. Some of them are wearing long, sleek jackets while others wear more feather-like plating. Once in a while, a Scin will stop nearby to observe and record you, and then carry on as if nothing happened.`
```

	outfitter "Hai Advanced"
	security 0.3

planet "Iemn Eitch"
	landscape land/desert2

> 	description `Although too cold for a proper civilization, Iemn Eitch has been extensively used in the past as an outpost for the growing Gegno space race. As one of their first few explored worlds, antique-looking architectures are scattered about the surface that look significantly different to those found on Dueyu Eitch, perhaps due to the nature of construction in a much different environment. A few decently large shipyard-esq platforms continue to service a few still active Gegno colony vessels from times past, presumably at a much slower pace than during their space age.` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Although too cold for a proper civilization, Iemn Eitch has been extensively used in the past as an outpost for the growing Gegno space race. As one of their first few explored worlds, antique-looking architectures are scattered about the surface that look significantly different to those found on Dueyu Eitch, perhaps due to the nature of construction in a much different environment. A few decently large shipyard-esque platforms continue to service a few still active Gegno colony vessels from times past, presumably at a much slower pace than during the earliest days of their space colonization.` 
```

	outfitter "Hai Advanced"
	security 0.3

planet "Iemn Eitch"
	attributes gegno
	landscape land/desert2

> 	description `Although too cold for a proper civilization, Iemn Eitch has been extensively used in the past as an outpost for the growing Gegno space race. As one of their first few explored worlds, antique-looking architecture is are scattered about the surface and looks significantly different to structures found on Dueyu Eitch, perhaps due to the nature of construction in a much different environment. A few decently large shipyard-esque platforms continue to service a few still active Gegno generation vessels from times past, presumably at a much slower pace than during the earliest days of their space colonization.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Although too cold for a proper civilization, Iemn Eitch has been extensively used in the past as an outpost for the growing Gegno space race. As one of their first few explored worlds, antique-looking architecture is are scattered about the surface and looks significantly different to structures found on Dueyu Eitch, perhaps due to the nature of construction in an unfamiliar environment. A few large shipyard-esque platforms continue to service a small number of still active Gegno generation vessels from times past, presumably at a much slower pace than during the earliest days of their space colonization.`
```

	outfitter "Hai Advanced"
	security 0.3

planet "Iemn Eitch"
	landscape land/desert2

> 	description `Although too cold for a proper civilization, Iemn Eitch has been extensively used in the past as an outpost for the growing Gegno space race. As one of their first few explored worlds, antique-looking architectures are scattered about the surface that look significantly different to those found on Dueyu Eitch, perhaps due to the nature of construction in a much different environment. A few decently large shipyard-esque platforms continue to service a few still active Gegno colony vessels from times past, presumably at a much slower pace than during the earliest days of their space colonization.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `Although too cold for a proper civilization, Iemn Eitch has been extensively used in the past as an outpost for the growing Gegno space race. As one of their first few explored worlds, antique-looking architecture is scattered about the surface and looks significantly different to structures found on Dueyu Eitch, perhaps due to the nature of construction in a much different environment. A few decently large shipyard-esque platforms continue to service a few still active Gegno colony vessels from times past, presumably at a much slower pace than during the earliest days of their space colonization.`
```

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Large Militia" 9

planet "Long Gone"
	landscape land/snow10
	description "Although frozen worlds such as this one are barely able to sustain life, there are signs across the surface seem to suggest some sort of civilization was here once long ago. Once in a few hundred miles there are strange glass-like obelisks sticking out of the ground, but they seem as though they now have no purpose. Very few bird-like species circle these protrusions, but other than that, whatever life this planet once sustained is now long gone."
	government Uninhabited

> 

Reviewer 5: Here, @Saugia!

Author: I swore I deleted this.

Author: ~I could use it for something else.~

	landscape land/fields15
	description `An Earth-like planet with a large biodiversity, at first look Osaeli appears to be an idyllic world where no lifeform ever became the predominant one; but looking more closely, the signs of an ancient devastation can still be seen. In the middle of the forests, huge amounts of debris are scattered in large areas; scans reveal many underground bunkers, partly destroyed and filled with water.`

planet "Oup Je"
	attributes gegno scin
	landscape land/canyon4
	description `The many beveling formations here provide the Gegno Scin with a rich amount of materials for their cities and ships. Below are small woodlands that seem to be stripped down one way or another, with few living areas scattered about. It is apparent that this planet has been worn down over time, both to natural and unnatural causes.`

> 	spaceport `A few Scin in the spaceport are equipped with what looks like heavy mining gear in contrast to normal pilot attire, and are never seen boarding any spacecraft. Rather than cautious, they appear to be genuinely curious of your presence, staring at you in fascination. Presumably, these Scin spend most of their days deep in this planet's mines, so seeing anything beyond minerals or machinery, let alone foreigners, is quite astonishing to them.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport `A few Scin in the spaceport are equipped with what looks like heavy mining gear instead of normal pilot attire, and are never seen boarding any spacecraft. Rather than cautious, they appear to be genuinely curious of your presence, staring at you in fascination. Presumably, these Scin spend most of their days deep in this planet's mines, so seeing anything beyond minerals or machinery, let alone foreigners, is quite astonishing to them.`
```

	landscape land/fields15
	description `An Earth-like planet with a large biodiversity, at first look Osaeli appears to be an idyllic world where no lifeform ever became the predominant one; but looking more closely, the signs of an ancient devastation can still be seen. In the middle of the forests, huge amounts of debris are scattered in large areas; scans reveal many underground bunkers, partly destroyed and filled with water.`

planet "Oup Je"
	landscape land/canyon4
	description `The many beveling formations here provide the Gegno Scin with a rich amount of materials for their cities and ships. Below are small woodlands that seem to be stripped down one way or another, with few living areas scattered about. It is apparent that this planet has been worn down over time, both to natural and unnatural causes.`

> 	spaceport `The Scin here have different gear than those leaving and entering the spaceport, suggesting they have a particular place on the surface to be - most likely in the mines. They seem quite interested in you compared to other Gegno being that a majority of their days involve seeing mostly materials and machinery.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The Scin here have different gear than those leaving and entering the spaceport, suggesting they have a particular place on the surface to be - most likely in the mines. They seem quite interested in you compared to other Gegno, probably because a majority of their days involve seeing mostly minerals and machinery.`
```

	bribe 0
	security 0.8

planet Ruelogakk

> 	attributes "gegno quarg"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	attributes "gegno quarg" quarg
```

	landscape land/station5

> 	description `This Quarg station, although pristine and kept in high order, has been constructed rather recently compared to the complete ringworld the next system over. It appears to be purposed as some sort of resting spot for tourists, though very few docking bays are in use. A hauntingly low amount of Quarg are seen walking about the brightly lit abstract hallways of glass with only the faintest hum of machinery.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `This Quarg station, although pristine and kept in high order, has been constructed rather recently compared to the complete ringworld the next system over. It appears to be purposed as some sort of resting spot for tourists, though very few docking bays are in use. A hauntingly low number of Quarg are seen walking about the brightly lit abstract hallways of glass with only the faintest hum of machinery.`
```

> 	spaceport `Only a few small Gegno transports can be seen docked with this station, hooked up to strange devices that seem to match the designs of their ships. Other than that, the Gegno's presence here seems to be kept at an extreme minimum, with at most one or two seen passing by occasionally.`

Reviewer 4: Notably, the other two Quarg location desriptions don't actually name the Gegno. Should we remove their name from this one as well?

		threshold 7000
		fleet "Large Republic" 14

planet Siedi
	landscape land/forest5
	description `The gravitational pull of the nearby gas giant resulted in the large, bulky, mountainous surface of this planet. Tectonic shifts are very common, and the surface is marked with the wear and tear of massive tremors. Beneath the cracks, however, lies a rich source of materials that the Vi quickly capitalized on for their nearby worlds.`

> 	spaceport `The spaceport is haphazardly built inside the side of a smaller mountain, and every now and then you can feel a very faint rumbling from below. You're not sure if it is beneath you or somewhere off in the distance. The area around the spaceport continues to be under construction, but it is more likely because the Vi are mining for materials here rather than making improvements to the structure itself.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport is haphazardly built into the side of a smaller mountain, and every now and then you can feel a very faint rumbling from below. You're not sure if it is beneath you or somewhere off in the distance. Construction work around the spaceport is ongoing, but it is more likely because the Vi are finding new places to mine for materials rather than making improvements to the spaceport itself.`
```

	government "Gegno Vi"
	"required reputation" 1
	bribe 0
	security 0

planet "Sies Upi"
	landscape land/hills1
	description `Sies Upi is one of the most recently colonized planets of the Gegno Vi. This hot, dry world with harsh living environments serves as more of an outpost than it does a colony, but nevertheless the Vi found ways to create manageable living conditions.`

> 	spaceport `This spaceport seems a lot more militarized than other Gegno planet spaceports, full of geared up Vi with their ships parked close by. The roar of an enormous cruiser's engines can be heard just as often as the shutting down of another. There doesn't look to be very many non-personnel civilians here, and it feels somewhat claustrophobic with all of the guards standing around.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	spaceport `This spaceport seems a lot more militarized than other Gegno planet spaceports, full of geared up Vi with their ships parked close by. The roar of an enormous cruiser's engines can be heard just as often as the shutting down of another. There doesn't look to be very many non-military personnel here, and it feels somewhat claustrophobic with all of the guards standing around.`
```

	landscape land/station12
	description `This station is run-down and completely abandoned, emptied of atmosphere so that air pressure will not put ongoing stress on the station's structure. Each section is sealed off from the others by heavy blast doors, leaving most of the station inaccessible.`

planet Ternituul
	landscape land/fog1
	description "Ternituul is a dull world covered in a thick layer of fog hiding a dry desolate surface: an ideal world for the hardened Gegno Vi. A large portion of the Vi's military branch is based here, where new recruits are thrown into the first bottleneck of their lives. It is not uncommon for inhabitants to be lost to the bleak ecosystem of this planet."

> 	description "The fog also hides a more grim aspect of this world - numerous graveyards cover the terrain, serving as a final resting place for most Vi. Large ceremonies are constantly held for the fallen, though instead of grievance, the Vi celebrate the commitment and dignity of their fellow brethren."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "	The fog also hides a more grim aspect of this world - numerous graveyards cover the terrain, serving as a final resting place for most Vi. Large ceremonies are constantly held for the fallen, though instead of grievance, the Vi celebrate the commitment and dignity of their fellow brethren."
```

		threshold 2500
		fleet "Small Syndicate" 5

planet Truklar
	attributes "gegno quarg"
	landscape land/mars2

> 	description `This Quarg world has noticeably lower gravity, as with other quarg worlds, that they more more accustomed to living on. Several decently sized extravagant villages are found nested deep within an oddly shaped glass structure, and is a beautiful sight to behold. Many different smaller biomes also contain wonderous flora and fauna that don't seem to be native to this particular moon. Despite all of this, structures were not built in accustom to visitors such as the Gegno, who find it hard navigating through the narrow hallways.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `This world, like others the Quarg live on, has noticeably lower gravity that the Quarg are more accustomed to. Several medium-sized extravagant villages are found nested deep within an oddly shaped glass structure, and it is a beautiful sight to behold. Many different, smaller biomes also contain wondrous flora and fauna that don't seem to be native to this particular moon. Despite all of this, structures were not built in accustom to visitors such as the Gegno, who find it hard navigating through the narrow hallways.`
```

	spaceport `Most of the spaceport is automated Quarg robotics that do not provide any interaction with you besides basic spaceport tasks such as refueling. Occasionally, one of these robots, visually similar to the Quarg themselves, guide you throughout the visitable zones of the port. Otherwise, your presence here is mostly overlooked.` 
	government Quarg
	bribe 0
	security 0.9

planet Tschyss
	landscape land/sivael6
	description "This massive station is the only orbital structure that can be found in Gegno space, and is still under heavy construction. Although a majority of the exterior seems complete, the interior is noticeably lacking in comparison, and it seems that the progress has slowed down significantly in recent times. A large portion of the station is filled with crew quarters and living sections, all larger than any normal bunker in human space, and the outside is enveloped in many docking bays of numerous sizes."

> 	description "Despite the scale and number of onboard facilities, there is only a small percentage of Gegno making use of them."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description "	Despite the scale and number of onboard facilities, there is only a small percentage of Gegno making use of them."
```

	description `From afar, this looks like a habitable planet, comfortably located on the near end of the goldilocks zone of its star. It has a high concentration of water vapor in its atmosphere and hosts primitive life, with mosses covering nearly all moist surfaces and exotic crustacean-like animals roaming the land, their carapaces made of what would be considered synthetic plastic elsewhere.`
	description `However, there is an unusually high concentration of toxic chlorine in the lower atmosphere. Without special equipment, one can only stay on the mountains to avoid the dense gas, and even then, only for a few hours before problems arise. Most traces of attempted colonization by the Sheragi have eroded away by now, leaving only broken buildings and decaying bones.`

planet "Var Oti"
	landscape land/desert0

> 	description `This rocky is world covered with vast ranges of sand in various quantities. While some places have plateus of rugged rock formations, others have articulate valleys of sand. When it comes to less distinct locations, it is hard to tell at first glance whether or not they are simply a formation of rocks resting on a deep layer of sand, or a thin layer of sand resting on a great foundation of rock. In addition, common dust storms constantly reshape the terrain, and together with the harsh dry conditions, Var Oti is a dangerous world to those who aren't prepared when visiting.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `This rocky is world covered with vast ranges of desert. While some places have plateaus of rugged rock formations, others have articulate valleys of sand. When it comes to less distinct locations, it is hard to tell at first glance whether or not they are simply a formation of rocks resting on a deep layer of sand, or a thin layer of sand resting on a great foundation of rock. In addition, common dust storms constantly reshape the terrain, and together with the harsh, dry conditions, Var Oti is a dangerous world to those who aren't prepared when visiting.`
```

	spaceport `Most of the spaceport is automated Quarg robotics that do not provide any interaction with you besides basic spaceport tasks such as refueling. Occasionally, one of these robots, visually similar to the Quarg themselves, guide you throughout the visitable zones of the port. Otherwise, your presence here is mostly overlooked.`
	government Quarg
	bribe 0
	security 0.9

planet Tschyss
	attributes gegno station
	landscape land/sivael6
	description `This massive station is the only orbital structure that can be found in Gegno space, and is still under heavy construction. Although a majority of the exterior seems complete, the interior is noticeably lacking in comparison, and it seems that the progress has slowed down significantly in recent times. A large portion of the station is filled with crew quarters and living sections, all larger than in human space, and the outside is enveloped in many docking bays of numerous sizes.`

> 	spaceport `Gegno of all kinds are walking to and fro, though they seem very tired and overworked. Not a lot of them seem happy with their current working conditions, but all you can do is watch from a distance in a small half-built area nearby your ship's designated docking bay.	Despite the scale and number of onboard facilities that you can see, there is only a small number of Gegno making use of them.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport `Gegno of all kinds are walking to and fro, though they seem very tired and overworked. Not a lot of them seem happy with their current working conditions, but all you can do is watch from a distance in a small half-built area nearby your ship's designated docking bay. Despite the scale and number of onboard facilities that you can see, there are only a small number of Gegno making use of them.`
```

		threshold 2500
		fleet "Small Syndicate" 5

planet Truklar
	attributes "gegno quarg"
	landscape land/mars2

> 	description `This world, like others the Quarg live on, has noticeably lower gravity that the Quarg are more accustomed to. Several medium-sized extravagant villages are found nested deep within an oddly shaped glass structure, and it is a beautiful sight to behold. Many different, smaller biomes also contain wondrous flora and fauna that don't seem to be native to this particular moon. Despite all of this, structures were not built in accustom to visitors such as the Gegno, who find it hard navigating through the narrow hallways.`

Author: The latter is correct, so yeah I'll have to change the wording a bit.

		threshold 2500
		fleet "Small Syndicate" 5

planet Truklar
	attributes "gegno quarg"
	landscape land/mars2

> 	description `This world, like others the Quarg live on, has noticeably lower gravity than humans are accustomed to. Several medium-sized extravagant villages are found nested deep within an oddly shaped glass structure, and it is a beautiful sight to behold. Many different, smaller biomes also contain wondrous flora and fauna that don't seem to be native to this particular moon. Despite all of this, structures were not built in accustom to visitors such as the Gegno, who find it hard navigating through the narrow hallways.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `This world, like others the Quarg live on, has noticeably lower gravity than humans are accustomed to. Several medium-sized extravagant villages are found nested deep within an oddly shaped glass structure, and it is a beautiful sight to behold. Many different, smaller biomes also contain wondrous flora and fauna that don't seem to be native to this particular moon. Despite all of this, structures were not built in accustom to visitors such as the nearby aliens, who find it hard navigating through the narrow hallways.`
```

	spaceport `Most of the spaceport is automated Quarg robotics that do not provide any interaction with you besides basic spaceport tasks such as refueling. Occasionally, one of these robots, visually similar to the Quarg themselves, guide you throughout the visitable zones of the port. Otherwise, your presence here is mostly overlooked.`
	government Quarg
	bribe 0
	security 0.9

planet Tschyss
	landscape land/sivael6

> 	description `This massive station is the only orbital structure that can be found in Gegno space, and is still under heavy construction. Although a majority of the exterior seems complete, the interior is noticeably lacking in comparison, and it seems that the progress has slowed down significantly in recent times. A large portion of the station is filled with crew quarters and living sections, all larger than any normal bunker in human space, and the outside is enveloped in many docking bays of numerous sizes.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `This massive station is the only orbital structure that can be found in Gegno space, and is still under heavy construction. Although a majority of the exterior seems complete, the interior is noticeably lacking in comparison, and it seems that the progress has slowed down significantly in recent times. A large portion of the station is filled with crew quarters and living sections, all larger than in human space, and the outside is enveloped in many docking bays of numerous sizes.`
```

> 	description `	Despite the scale and number of onboard facilities, there is only a small percentage of Gegno making use of them.`
> 	spaceport `Gegno of all kinds are walking to and fro, though they seem very tired and overworked. Not a lot of them seem happy with their current working conditions, but all you can do is watch from a distance in a small half-built area nearby your ship's designated lock.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	spaceport `Gegno of all kinds are walking to and fro, though they seem very tired and overworked. Not a lot of them seem happy with their current working conditions, but all you can do is watch from a distance in a small half-built area nearby your ship's designated docking bay. Despite the scale and number of onboard facilities that you can see, only a small number of Gegno are making use of them.`
```

	description `From afar, this looks like a habitable planet, comfortably located on the near end of the goldilocks zone of its star. It has a high concentration of water vapor in its atmosphere and hosts primitive life, with mosses covering nearly all moist surfaces and exotic crustacean-like animals roaming the land, their carapaces made of what would be considered synthetic plastic elsewhere.`
	description `However, there is an unusually high concentration of toxic chlorine in the lower atmosphere. Without special equipment, one can only stay on the mountains to avoid the dense gas, and even then, only for a few hours before problems arise. Most traces of attempted colonization by the Sheragi have eroded away by now, leaving only broken buildings and decaying bones.`

planet "Var Oti"
	attributes gegno
	landscape land/desert0

> 	description `This rocky world is covered with vast ranges of desert. While some places have plateaus of rugged rock formations, others have articulate valleys of sand. When it comes to less distinct locations, it is hard to tell at first glance whether or not they are simply a formation of rocks resting on a deep layer of sand, or a thin layer of sand resting on a great foundation of rock. In addition, common dust storms constantly reshape the terrain, and together with the harsh, dry conditions, Var Oti is a dangerous world to those who aren't prepared when visiting.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `This rocky world is covered with vast ranges of desert. While some places have plateaus of rugged rock formations, others have articulate valleys of sand. When it comes to less distinct locations, it is hard to tell at first glance whether or not they are simply a formation of rocks resting on a deep layer of sand, or a thin layer of sand resting on a great foundation of rock. In addition, common dust storms constantly reshape the terrain, and together with the harsh, dry conditions, Var Oti is a dangerous world to those who aren't prepared.`
```

	description `From afar, this looks like a habitable planet, comfortably located on the near end of the goldilocks zone of its star. It has a high concentration of water vapor in its atmosphere and hosts primitive life, with mosses covering nearly all moist surfaces and exotic crustacean-like animals roaming the land, their carapaces made of what would be considered synthetic plastic elsewhere.`
	description `However, there is an unusually high concentration of toxic chlorine in the lower atmosphere. Without special equipment, one can only stay on the mountains to avoid the dense gas, and even then, only for a few hours before problems arise. Most traces of attempted colonization by the Sheragi have eroded away by now, leaving only broken buildings and decaying bones.`

planet "Var Oti"
	landscape land/desert0

> 	description `This rocky is world covered with vast ranges of desert. While some places have plateaus of rugged rock formations, others have articulate valleys of sand. When it comes to less distinct locations, it is hard to tell at first glance whether or not they are simply a formation of rocks resting on a deep layer of sand, or a thin layer of sand resting on a great foundation of rock. In addition, common dust storms constantly reshape the terrain, and together with the harsh, dry conditions, Var Oti is a dangerous world to those who aren't prepared when visiting.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `This rocky world is covered with vast ranges of desert. While some places have plateaus of rugged rock formations, others have articulate valleys of sand. When it comes to less distinct locations, it is hard to tell at first glance whether or not they are simply a formation of rocks resting on a deep layer of sand, or a thin layer of sand resting on a great foundation of rock. In addition, common dust storms constantly reshape the terrain, and together with the harsh, dry conditions, Var Oti is a dangerous world to those who aren't prepared when visiting.`
```

	government Uninhabited
	security 0

planet "Yniu Eiu"
	landscape land/canyon0
	music "ambient/rulei planet"
	description `Yniu Eiu is a rocky world with many canyons. A large portion of the surface is bright shades of gray and white, but the more important visual are patches of purple-red cellular lakes flowing to and through other cells, canyons, and valleys. It is unclear if this is a natural occurrence or if these were artificially created, but the way the areas around these sights are dug out and shaped imply that this planet used to be a home to some type of civilization, or one that found importance in this material.`

> 	description `The red-purple lakes and rivers have an odd shimmer to them to suggest they are alive to some capacity. Although they flow at extremely low rates, they also softly bulge and contract in a curious linear motion.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `The red-purple lakes and rivers have an odd shimmer to them that suggest they are somehow alive. Although they flow at extremely low rates, they also softly bulge and contract in a curious linear motion.`
```

	government Uninhabited

planet "Yniu Ena"
	landscape land/canyon03
	music "ambient/rulei planet"

> 	description `Like its parent planet below, Yniu Eiu has an thick purple-reddish web of unnatural material spread across its surface. Some patches are much larger than others, with a very few being hundreds of times larger, as if they're scars on the planet.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Like its parent planet below, Yniu Eiu has a thick purple-reddish web of unnatural material spread across its surface. Some patches are much larger than others, with a very few being hundreds of times larger, as if they're scars on the planet.`
```

planet "Wye Tzeou"
	landscape land/snow14

> 	description `For being found in a noticeably quieter system than others, this ice planet has extreme crystalline-like ice structures covering the surface that protrude out in various fashions. These constructs are all extremely tall, and no two look alike. It seems the actual surface of the planet is far beneath a layer of these mysterous pillars. There is no apparent environmental reasoning to this composition as the soft snowy seasons and calm low winds are the most active natural elements on Wye Tzeou.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `For being found in a noticeably quieter system than others, this ice planet has extreme crystalline-like ice structures covering the surface that protrude out in various fashions. These constructs are all extremely tall, and no two look alike. It seems the actual surface of the planet is far beneath a layer of these mysterious pillars. There is no apparent environmental reasoning to this composition as the soft snowy seasons and calm low winds are the most active natural elements on Wye Tzeou.`
```

Author: Lol, I got that earlier, whoops. Thank you though.

	link Statina Vaticanus
	link Vaticanus Statina

planet "Wye Tzeou"
	landscape land/snow14

> 	description `For being found in a noticeably quieter system than others, this ice planet has extreme crystalline-like ice structures covering the surface that protrude out in various fashions in which no two look alike. These constructs are all extremely tall, and it seems the actual surface of the planet is far beneath a layer of them. There is no apparent environmental reasoning to this composition as the soft snowy seasons and calm low winds are the most active natural elements on Wye Tzeou.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `For being found in a noticeably quieter system than others, this ice planet has extreme crystalline-like ice structures covering the surface that protrude out in various fashions. These constructs are all extremely tall, and no two look alike; it seems the actual surface of the planet is far beneath a layer of them. There is no apparent environmental reasoning to this composition as the soft snowy seasons and calm low winds are the most active natural elements on Wye Tzeou.`
```

	link Statina Vaticanus
	link Vaticanus Statina

planet "Wye Tzeou"
	landscape land/snow14
	description `For being found in a noticeably quieter system than others, this ice planet has extreme crystalline-like ice structures covering the surface that protrude out in various fashions. These constructs are all extremely tall, and no two look alike. It seems the actual surface of the planet is far beneath a layer of these mysterious pillars. There is no apparent environmental reasoning to this composition as the soft snowy seasons and calm low winds are the most active natural elements on Wye Tzeou.`

> 	description `Deep scans reveal even more odd pellucid compositions below, showing pockets in the depths of the glass forest that look like giant empty gem-like gaps between each pillar.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `	Deep scans reveal even more odd pellucid compositions below, showing pockets in the depths of the glass forest that look like giant empty gem-like gaps between each pillar.`
```

	government Uninhabited
	security 0

planet "Yniu Eiu"
	landscape land/canyon0

> 	description `Yniu Eiu is a rocky world with many canyons. A large portion of the surface is bright shades of gray and white, but the more important visual are patches of purple-red cellular lakes flowing to and through other cells, canyons, and valleys. It is unclear if this is a natural occurrence or if these were artificially created, but the way the areas around these sights are dug out and shaped imply that this planet used to be a home to some type of civilization, or one that found importance in this material.`

Reviewer: What do you mean by cells in this context?
```suggestion
	description `Yniu Eiu is a rocky world with many canyons. A large portion of the surface is bright shades of gray and white, but the more striking visuals are the patches of purple-red cellular lakes flowing to and through other cells, canyons, and valleys. It is unclear if this is a natural occurrence or if these were artificially created, but the way the areas around these sights are dug out and shaped imply that this planet used to be a home to some type of civilization, or one that found importance in this material.`
```

Author: Groups of other lakes, I suppose it's a bit too generic to use "cells"

	"required reputation" 15
	security 0.2

planet Vigales
	landscape land/desert5

> 	description `This hot desert world is home to several species of large underground animals, which most often resemble reptilian and amphibious-like creatures such as salamanders or lizards. It is believed that some indigenous species in Gegno space have originated from this world, or are descendants of ancestral species that once inhabited it.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `This hot desert world is home to several species of underground animals. These animals are very reptile-like, having a similar appearance to lizards or salamanders from Earth, albeit much larger in size. It is believed that some indigenous species in Gegno space have originated from this world, or are descendants of ancestral species that once inhabited it.`
```

	government Uninhabited
	security 0

planet "Yniu Eiu"
	landscape land/canyon0
	music "ambient/rulei planet"
	description `Yniu Eiu is a rocky world with many canyons. A large portion of the surface is bright shades of gray and white, but the more striking visuals are the patches of purple-red webbed lakes flowing to and through other lakes, canyons, and valleys. It is unclear if this is a natural occurrence or if these were artificially created, but the way the areas around these sights are dug out and shaped imply that this planet used to be a home to some type of civilization, or one that found importance in this material.`

> 	description `The red-purple lakes and rivers have an odd shimmer to them to suggest they are somehow alive. Although they flow at extremely low rates, they also softly bulge and contract in a curious linear motion.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `	The red-purple lakes and rivers have an odd shimmer to them to suggest they are somehow alive. Although they flow at extremely low rates, they also softly bulge and contract in a curious linear motion.`
```

	link Statina Vaticanus
	link Vaticanus Statina

planet "Wye Tzeou"
	landscape land/snow14

> 	description `For being found in a noticeably quieter system than others, this ice planet has extreme crystalline-like ice structures covering the surface that protrude out in various fashions. These constructs are all extremely tall, and no two look alike. It seems the actual surface of the planet is far beneath a layer of these mysterious pillars. There is no apparent environmental reasoning to this composition as the soft snowy seasons and calm low winds are the most active natural elements on Wye Tzeou.`
> 	description `	Deep scans reveal even more odd pellucid compositions below, showing pockets in the depths of the glass forest that look like giant empty gem-like gaps between each pillar.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `Wye Tzeou is in a noticeably quieter system than others. Its surface is covered in extreme crystalline structures protruding out in various fashions. These constructs are all extremely tall, and no two look alike. It seems the actual surface of the planet is far beneath a layer of these mysterious pillars. There is no apparent environmental reasoning to this composition as the soft snowy seasons and calm low winds are the most active natural elements on Wye Tzeou.`
	description `	Deep scans reveal even more odd compositions below, showing pockets in the depths of the glass forest that look like giant empty gaps between each pillar.`
```

	government Uninhabited
	security 0

planet "Yniu Eiu"
	landscape land/canyon0
	music "ambient/rulei planet"

> 	description `Yniu Eiu is a rocky world with many canyons. A large portion of the surface is bright shades of gray and white, but the more striking visuals are the patches of purple-red webbed lakes flowing to and through other lakes, canyons, and valleys. It is unclear if this is a natural occurrence or if these were artificially created, but the way the areas around these sights are dug out and shaped imply that this planet used to be a home to some type of civilization, or one that found importance in this material.`
> 	description `	The red-purple lakes and rivers have an odd shimmer to them to suggest they are somehow alive. Although they flow at extremely low rates, they also softly bulge and contract in a curious linear motion.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `Yniu Eiu is a rocky world with many canyons. A large portion of the surface is bright shades of gray and white, but the more striking visuals are the patches of purple-red webbed lakes and rivers flowing across the surface. It is unclear if this is a natural occurrence or if these were artificially created, but the way the areas around these sights are dug out and shaped imply that this planet used to be a home to some type of civilization, or one that found importance in this material.`
	description `	The surfaces of the red-purple lakes and rivers move in odd ways that make them seem almost alive. Although they flow at extremely low rates, they also softly bulge and contract in a curious linear motion.`
```

	government Uninhabited

planet "Yniu Ena"
	landscape land/canyon03
	music "ambient/rulei planet"

> 	description `Like its parent planet below, Yniu Eiu has a thick purple-reddish web of unnatural material spread across its surface. Some patches are much larger than others, with a very few being hundreds of times larger, as if they're scars on the planet.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `Like its parent planet below, Yniu Ena has a thick purple-reddish web of unnatural material spread across its surface, forming rivers and large lakes. While most of the lakes of material are rather small relative to the planet's surface, there are two as large as oceans that give the appearance of scars on the planet.`
```
